A women giving something to other lady.
Kids are dancing.
Two children play in the water by a pier and building.
A sad boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing.
The woman is sniffing the other.
The ponies are in love
A group of outdoor enthusiasts are traveling as a group to their campsite up in the mountains.
A group of girls are overlooking the water.
An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their fingernails.
Some of the people are shopping for clothes.
The man is playing a guitar while another plays the drums behind him.
The group of men are from Chippendales.
There is a crowd watching a performance.
Two musicians are completely out of tune.
The woman's hands are full with what she is carrying.
The people are sleeping in the grass.
A woman walks on the sidewalk.
The musician have a guitar and is waiting to perform.
They are alone.
A man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb.
A child is in an office building.
the kid eats a frog
A dog jumps over something.
A man tries to sell something on the street.
All of the trees are green with freshly bloomed leaves.
A woman is dressed up.
They are cheering for their favorite team.
You can see that there is more than one animal in the shot.
A man is riding a blue bicycle helmet down a busy street.
A woman is playing a piano.
A woman is looking at a person.
The people are trying to get home.
A child in a stroller with a pacifier in its mouth.
These people are swimming in a competition.
There is a group of people standing around, looking like they are waiting for something.
A group of people pose for a photograph.
The children are taking a picture outside.
A boy runs down the street.
A young person turning a screwdriver.
A man holding a child and a baby.
Dogs pull a man on a sled down a hill.
The man is singing and the woman is playing guitar.
The child is holding the toys up to his eyes.
A boy walking in the grass.
An old person sleeps in a bed.
The white dog is taking a bath
A man is reading while waiting for a bus.
A person stands with their back to us.
a woman and a boy are sitting at a table
A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting.
There is a girl reading.
The dogs are reptiles.
The men and women are going to perform.
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back.
the room is large
A girl is inside with her dog
Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree.
The man has on elbow pads.
Two dogs racing on a track.
A man and woman are running to the store on a Summer day
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.
A man is waiting for his friend to catch up.
The woman is in a taxi cab.
The dog has a stick in it's mouth.
A man is fishing alone.
There are two people looking at a book.
A man on a ladder is power washing a building.
Many people are leading a giant blow-up figure of Oscar the Grouch in his can down a street.
A child is trying to hit a ball.
Man with cowboy hat loading a chest onto a pack of horses in the wilderness.
The people get wet in the rain, and they think it is funny.
An elderly man is holding a gun.
A dog is in a dog show.
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool.
Two people are working at a construction site.
A dog laying in the water.
A child scoops dirt into a bucket.
Two martial art students spar in a tournament.
The buffet is only seafood.
This man has safety gear on.
Some people wait for a train.
A crash immobilizes a car.
The band is in a Christmas parade.
The person rode a horse.
The guy is standing next to a tree.
People are in a building.
A man running in a race.
the football team is wearing red and green
The people are on a ski lift
Several workers in orange vests and white construction hats holding blue bags are working along side railroad tracks.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass.
An older woman is cooking for her family.
There is a band performing in front of a large crowd
Two people sit at a table under a tent as a third man stands near them.
a lady and girl walk outside
The children are in a classroom.
THere is a plane in the hangar.
There is a women getting her hand painted
A man with a shirt is doing work.
The human has some floating things while in the white hard stuff.
A brown and white dog is standing in the river by the bank.
Nobody is playing the drumset.
A group of people are walking along the side of the road.
A boy plays a video game at mCDonald's
A woman is waiting for the bus.
Three boys put together a sailboat.
A brown dog runs through a field.
A group of girls
People sitting at a garden.
A man is helping someone get dressed.
The two dogs are in a cage.
The men walk down the street with their kids.
A person standing in a crowd.
The dogs are in cages.
The dogs are playing with a rope.
A woman with orange hair is looking over her left shoulder.
A white and brown cat is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
A group of people on a break.
The two women in blue shirts eat dinner with the kids.
The dogs are in water.
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole.
A skier skiing.
Man laying on a wooden bench with other people in the background.
A man and a dog are on the sand.
A couple are walking outdoors.
A sad woman putting on a dance for a small audience.
The dogs are running in the desert.
A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal.
Two men are playing jump rope in the middle of the street.
Two men are jumping.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
the food is hot
A person sitting under trees and a large metal sculpture.
A race car is on the dirt track.
The two people are both males.
A man and a child are sledding in the snow together.
A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog.
Two men are performing on a stage.
Firemen looking down a set of stairs.
A man is showing off for his friends.
A man paints a picture.
Two women sitting in a room.
There is a person wearing a red shirt riding a skateboard.
A dog with mud stuck on his underside is running on grass.
people dancing
A white Asian boy is giving young asian girl a piggyback ride.
There is a person working on a bicycle.
People holding containers on alcohol.
The street post does not have anything on it.
This man is riding a skateboard on a bike jump.
A man is standing on a ladder.
A group of friends are shopping.
A blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.
The dog is with a woman.
A man and a boy are walking in a deserted area.
A woman and a girl view a piece of artwork up close.
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.
A man is sleeping between two flags.
A man on a cliff.
The bird sits on the tree branch.
A rally race car is navigating around a turn on a race course surrounded by hay bails.
Two women compete in a soccer match.
Some boys are going swimming in the lake.
The boys are playing baseball.
Two girls prepare a small sailboat as two boys watch them from the beach.
A martial arts student kicks a wooden board to advance in his rank.
A person in black is off in the distance.
A line of construction workers walk along a train track under an overpass.
there is a guy playing an instrument.
The photographer is taking a picture of four women looking at the camera with blank faces.
Two young boys hold a man's hands.
The kids are playing a friendly game of one on one soccer.
A man having a piece of chicken.
The sign has at least one word on it.
a dog chases another dog.
The man waited until night to go home.
The two men in blue jackets are sitting down.
There are several people walking.
A farmer drives on two cattle to plow a field for his work as he grows corn crops
Three people are smiling at the camera.
Man giving the child back to parents
Man puts his feet up on a desk.
The rock holding the boy is about to roll.
the boy is walking
A young man is wearing a suit outdoors.
the man is wearing gray
A woman wearing a blue skirt is on a walkway looking at a body of water.
A small group of people are sitting on the bank of a large body of water in the grass.
A man is working on a truck.
A man repairs a shoe.
A woman and a man are dancing in the street.
people playing a game at the park
Three runners are racing.
Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.
An old man lays on a park bench.
A child is receiving painful dental surgery
Some people are making funny faces while they get their picture taken.
The couple smiles before leaving for their honeymoon.
The dogs are pulling a sled.
The cooks are putting together the ingredients for a massive burrito.
A man is snorkeling in the ocean.
a man and a boy in shorts stand on a bridge
A man in a skate park is doing an ollie in a half-pipe near the beach
A bearded man is outside.
The people are waiting for the light to turn green.
Woman inside sweeping the floor.
The spotted dog chews on the bark of a pine tree.
The athlete is moving.
the boys are home playing hide and seek
A man in a blue shirt and a hat is sitting in a truck.
A man building a house.
The street is empty and the buildings are white.
A person is walking through the park.
A little girl is standing on the street, holding a red bag.
a women with blonde and brown hair has her arms around a man
A woman is near a little kid.
A man and a crowd.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A female child turns the page of a book while she sits on a colorful stool
Two men are jogging on a trail.
The men are in the hot sun.
The people are standing in a crowded store.
Bicycles are laying on the side of the road.
Families wait to enter the store for a big sale.
The guy is sleeping at home.
A woman is in the process of changing her clothes for her big date tonight.
People are at a beach.
A lady in green is walking outside.
The two girls are in the water and one has a white shirt on.
a restaurant makes vegetables for everyone who enters
A man is shopping in a mall.
A hockey player is sitting on the ice.
A person is riding a horse outside.
A man in a supermarket.
A man is jumping into the air.
A dog is asleep on the bed.
The swimming competitors prepare for their meet.
two of the three men are running.
A man is reading a book on the couch.
the person is taking a break from the game in the picture
A little girl is running in a field.
A group of people wait for their turn to cross the street.
The woman is getting ready for the day.
Three men are walking in front of a tent.
A man is pumping air into his bicycle.
A man is by the door looking at his phone.
A man is looking at an outdoor shower.
A man in a business suit walks down the street.
A man and little boy are getting a picture taken.
A man is working at a cash register.
