People show their affection for each other.
Two children are dancing
Two fishermen walking to work on the pier.
The girl is trying to hit a piñata.
A tracking dog is sniffing the group trying to find the scent of the criminal.
The ponies are friendly.
A large group of triathlon athletes are competing in a race through the streets of the city.
A group of people is resting near hills and cliffs.
An adult and a child are ruining their nails.
People are buying vegetables.
One man plays the guitar while another plays the drums on stage.
The group of men competed.
There is a very large crowd watching the presentation
They are singing too.
There is a lady carrying children in her two hands.
Many people are resting in the grass.
The woman walks alone on the sidewalk.
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform.
They are alone.
A cigarette is light.
A boy is in an office building.
A monkey eats
A dog jumps over obstacles for a canine show.
A man is holding hats trying to sell them on the street.
The trees are all lush and green.
An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress.
They are watching their favorite team play.
You can see more than one dog in the photo.
A man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street.
A woman sits while playing a guitar.
A woman looks at another person.
The police are trying to help people.
A boy with a pacifier in his mouth is sitting in a suitcase.
There are people participating in competitive swimming.
A group of people sitting around discussing something.
A group of people posing outside a building for a photo shoot of a magazine.
A group of three young adults stopped to pose for a photo outside a clothing store.
A girl runs down the street.
A young man turning a screwdriver.
A boy is with his pet.
A man flies on a carpet.
The woman is crying while she plays the guitar.
The child jumps to the other mattress.
A shirtless boy is taking a nap in the grass.
A man sleeps in his bed.
The white dog is getting a bath in the canine hairdressers.
A woman reading while waiting for a train.
An Asian man standing by a door points to something.
A woman and a young girl are seated at a table in a restaurant.
The man wears a thong and is standing on the stool.
A girl is reading about trains.
The animals are domesticated.
Two men are together preparing to do gymnastics.
A person is tying his hair in a forest
The window is small.
One girl is wetting another with her water gun.
A group of hikers wearing green, red and black standing in the dirt in a wooded area
The man has put on elbow pads and a helmet.
Two riders on their horses on a racetrack.
A man is standing next to two children on a hot day.
A man in a blue shirt is in a hut in a village.
A cameraman goes out to eat with his family.
A man is sitting in a taxi.
The nose has a mucus inside.
A man fishing is relaxing while fishing.
Two people are talking about life at a table.
A man stands on a ladder near huge tanks.
There are a lot of people out in front of an enlarged giant figure of Oscar the Grumpy
A person is trying to hit the ball.
A cowboy and his horse slip in the mud.
Men feel hot.
A nun looks for weapons in a priest.
A person in a SpongeBob costume awaits a hot dog.
Mischief in an indoor pool.
Babies are working on a construction site.
The dogs sleep in heaps.
A dog runs through a mud puddle
The children are in a karate tournament.
There is a tacos buffet.
The pet has a leash for safety.
Some people wait for a taxi.
An automobile accident.
The band is in a parade.
Person on horseback
A lawn mower is right next to a person.
Some people in a building.
A man was in a race with a scooter.
The yellow and green team played soccer
The women are sitting on the ski lift
A large number of railway workers wearing orange vests that shine by day and hard hats are standing on some railroad tracks.
A young Asian boy running with a white and gray dog ??on green grass.
A mother and daughter are cooking.
An African-American band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees.
A man climbs the steps between two houses at night
A lady walking outside.
The classroom is for adults only.
The man is flying a space shuttle.
A woman in comfortable clothes is fixing her toenails.
There's an old man, ironing a shirt for his job.
A professional roofer thinks about how better are other forms of roof.
A brown and white dog standing on the bank of the river looking at his master.
He feels the rhythm
Two people cross the street in front of an ambulance.
A young boy plays a video game at a McDonald's restaurant.
The woman is outside waiting for a walk.
Four guys on a boat together
A brown dog running across an open field.
Group of children fighting.
People looking at a garden
A woman wearing something looks happy.
Two small dogs are in a cage outside.
The ladies are trotting down the street.
A person animates from the stands.
The animals are in cages at the zoo.
Men with long hair play instruments while their dog lies on the couch
A girl with dark brown hair is sitting at a table and looking over her shoulder.
A black and white dog lying down with a large stick under its paw.
A group of people run a float
Two young women in black t-shirts eat at a table.
Dogs drink some water in the grass
The man in the gray hat has slipped on the ice.
Cyclist driving bicycle.
Two people sit on a wooden bench by the trees in front of a white building.
Three dogs look like a human holds a pink ball on the beach.
A couple is walking their dogs outdoors.
A young man dancing for a small audience.
Some cats running in the desert
A man in a blue coat walks to a small white animal while a bus passes in the background.
The monks were playing jump rope on the road.
Two women are climbing.
An old man skiing downhill while it snows.
The food is barbecue
A family walks under large wooden beams.
An orange dragster parked on the runway.
There are at least two males.
A boy and a woman are in the snow sledding and playing.
A young boy in velcro shoes and a blue t-shirt hangs from a harness on a dock.
The three actors are on the stage acting.
Emergency workers with hoses lined up and down stairs.
A man is kissing with his wife in a crowd.
A guy paints an ad.
Three children sit in an outdoor seat.
There is a man wearing a yellow shirt riding a unicycle.
The boy in a bathing suit is lying face down on a damp pavement.
The girls sing
A young asian boy is giving a young asian girl a ride on his shoulders
A person is going to work on his bicycle.
People carrying food in trays
The fortunes said will turn out to be true.
A bicycle race in the snow stops while the cyclist's bicycle is repaired by a mechanic.
A man standing in a shadow.
Three brothers posing outside the family business.
A crowd watches a man cut logs.
The man is with a dog.
A well dressed man walking through a rural area
An African American woman looking into a microscope with images of microorganisms on her desk.
A shaved man runs at full speed down the sidewalk with a white leotard.
A woman and a man are kissing on the boardwalk.
A man standing on a cliff.
The bird is on the tree
Cyclists in a bicycle race turn abruptly to the left.
Two women compete in a kick-boxing fight.
Women are auditioning for Swan Lake.
The children are playing football.
Two children are sitting on a beach.
He successfully completes a set of martial arts moves.
The man with the yellow team is about to rappel from a high distance.
Construction workers sit near a railroad track.
The grumpy guy is playing an instrument outside.
Three photographers taking a picture of a skater doing a trick on one of the photographers.
Three young men stand against a wall conversing as a young boy looks forward holding a poster.
Small Asian children getting ready for a sport game.
A man is roasting duck in his oven
The performance will be on the news.
A dog sniffs another dog.
The musician decided to stay home tonight.
The two men in blue jackets are brothers.
Several people are walking.
A farmer gathers his cows.
Three people stare at the screens of the mobile phone.
A woman tries to keep children away from her parents.
A man comes to work with the cables above a desk.
The rock is about to fall on the man.
The girl is walking
A child wears a David Wright T-shirt outdoors.
The man's sweatshirt is gray.
A woman wearing black pants is holding a piercing hammer next to a broken concrete walkway.
A group of people pose in front of the ocean.
A man and a boy are fixing a truck in a garage.
A guy repairs a jacket.
The man dances in the street while another looks.
Boys play in a park
Two competitors are in a race.
The men in blue stand at the column.
An old woman looks at life on a park bench.
A dental procedure.
Children have very clean faces.
The couple was away on their honeymoon
Sled dogs are outside.
A group of butchers are trying recipes made with meat that they cut.
A man doing windsurfing in the ocean.
A child on the shoulders of a man.
A man in a skating park is doing an ollie in a half-pipe in front of the beach
The man has a beard.
Two women waiting for the light of the pedestrian crossing to change to green.
Women clean the debris left on their porch
Illegal loggers felled a giant tree in the spring forest.
An athlete is moving.
The two children are playing hide and seek.
A man wears a hat and waits for a bus.
A man building his house.
Garden tools are in the greenhouse
She is walking through the public park.
A man in a red sweater is waiting at a street food stand.
A man has brown hair along with a woman who has blonde hair.
A little boy is outside.
A man juggles a crowd.
A black dog running very fast with a blond woman running after him in the background.
A woman sitting on a chair showing children a book.
Two men in suits are cycling through a crosswalk.
Two men taking the warm sun.
Two people are standing outside a shop on a city street.
Bicycles are on a road.
People pay for their purchases in the store.
The guy is at home sleeping.
The boy finished opening all his Christmas presents.
People are happy to be on the beach.
The lady is sitting near the fruit.
The white child is on the bars, while the brown is on the bottom.
Waitress working at a restaurant cutting watermelon.
A man is shopping in the middle.
A hockey player is skating on ice.
There's a woman riding a horse.
A man in a store
A man jumping in the air
The dog is asleep in bed.
Three swimmers are getting ready to start their swimming competition.
The two men are running.
A man is reading a book near the fireplace.
The man is standing after his performance on the play.
A little girl running in a field
A group of people watches as the bride and groom exchange their vows.
After the birth of a baby, the nurses make sure that it is okay.
Two men standing in a sleeping area.
A man is pumping air on the tires of his bicycle.
The man was talking on the phone in the bathroom.
A man asleep in a fountain outdoors.
A woman running down the street holding an accordion.
A little boy taking photos.
A woman giving a lecture on the property tax.
